the biggest failure that I ever had, which I think about even all the
time to this day is trying to get into the Naval Academy from doing
two years in the new school and not being accepted. I I was putting
forth my full effort every single weekend or maybe every other weekend.
You know, depending you'd have some test on Monday. And I remember
just not really understanding all the new material that that that
week and just being totally confused. But I remember just going in
as soon as Friday. The bell hit, you know, just stand at the library.
Read, read, read. Going dinner. Come back, read, read until they kick
you out, I think midnight or something. Um, Saturday was, you know,
you wake up in the morning, maybe you exercise. Maybe you like,
uh, eat some breakfast, and then you go in and you're there until midnight.
You don't go anywhere else. Um, that Saturday was full of white
boards and writing paper until my finger had, like, calluses on
it. And then the Sunday would, um, would be more like, you know, review
of what I did. I probably teach other people and that actually helped
myself. Um, pretty much the whole day. And I wouldn't go home
until I was sure that I would get a four point on the next test. Um,
I think I got a four point at once, but the point is that I was I was
confident in all of my answers. Um, So I did that for two years because
to tell you the truth, I wasn't really interested in the in nuclear
propulsion actually want to be a cryptologist. But I heard that
this program, which I wasn't familiar with it had lots of math and
science, and he transferred fluid flow in chemistry. It had all of
that. And I thought that that would be a really good way Thio cover
those things that I didn't in high school and prepared before the,
you know, the intensive Naval Academy. So at at that two year point
when I applied, I was, you know, had a really high G p a. I had a pretty
good recommendations from all of my officers. Um, it came back,
rejected, and I was actually surprised. Um, later on, the x o of the
academy called me out of the blue I was studying, you know, kind of
like, you know, like, um frustrated. And he called me and he said,
Hey, you know, like, um, I just want to let you know, Like we saw your,
uh, your application and, you know, we have some chit chat, and
he said, Well, you know what? Like I think I'm gonna send you to boost,
you know, because like, you're an excellent candidate, by the way,
Um and then I told him I'm sorry. I'm, uh, past the age. I was 22
but I would would have been 23 by the time. And that's the cut off.
And, you know, that was that was surprising to him. You know, I think
it was prepared to like Cindy, and and he said, Well, what's honestly,
you know, what was the case? Why did you choose your major? So
he basically told me why I was rejected. I actually chose economics
instead of engineering. Um, Major And I told him that, you know, I
think I give some answer that I wanted to, like, learn languages. And
I didn't think that it really mattered what major you did as long
as you know, like you're gonna just learn leadership and other, um,
military qualities at the academy. And he said, Yeah, actually, were
we expect engineers, uh, you know, computer science, mechanical engineering,
electrical engineering. You know, those those are the main
ones that we wanted. So, yeah, we parted ways and I didn't get accepted.
And that that was first time I've ever, ever really tried something
other than tracking cross country in high school. But, um, academically,
that's the first time I've ever put forth my full effort
at something and then didn't get accepted. That's my biggest failure.